on Mount Doom
https://lotr.fandom.com/wiki/Mount_Doom
in The Death Star Main Hanger Bay
https://www.starwars.com/databank/death-star
in The Death Star Throne Room
https://www.starwars.com/databank/death-star
in Paris
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paris
in New York City
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_York_City
in New York City (Marvel Universe)
https://marvel.fandom.com/wiki/New_York_City
in The Daily Planet Building
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daily_Planet
in The Daily Bugle Building
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daily_Bugle
in Gotham City
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gotham_City
in The Batcave
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Batcave
in The White House
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/White_House
in The Senate Chamber (Real World)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Senate_chamber
in The Senate Chamber (Star Wars)
https://starwars.fandom.com/wiki/Galactic_Senate_Chamber
in The Geonosis Arena
https://starwars.fandom.com/wiki/Geonosis
in The Colosseum
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Colosseum
on The Statue of Liberty
https://www.nps.gov/stli/index.htm
in Gettysburg but during the Battle of Gettysburg
https://www.nps.gov/gett/index.htm
in The Sanctum Sanctorum
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sanctum_Sanctorum
in Valhalla (from Halo)
https://halo.fandom.com/wiki/Valhalla
in the middle of the Sahara Desert
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sahara
in an airplane
https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aircraft
on an airplane
https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aircraft
in a small submarine in the Mariana Trench
https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Submarine
in Icecrown Citadel
https://www.wowhead.com/icecrown-citadel
in a police precinct
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Police_precinct
in a Costco
https://www.costco.com/
in Whoville
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whoville
in a Star Destroyer
https://starwars.fandom.com/wiki/Star_Destroyer
in Mos Eisley Cantina
https://www.starwars.com/databank/mos-eisley-cantina
on Mustafar (site of Obi-Wan Kenobi and Anakin Skywalker's Duel)
https://www.starwars.com/databank/mustafar
in the Tantive IV
https://starwars.fandom.com/wiki/Tantive_IV
in the USS Enterprise
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Starship_Enterprise
in outer space
https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Outer_space
inside a moving train
https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Train
in the spinning hallway in Inception
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inception
on top of an asteroid
https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Asteroid
in an arcade
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amusement_arcade
on the center of the North Pole
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/North_Pole
in the Teen Titans Headquarters
https://dc.fandom.com/wiki/Titans_Tower_III
in the Voice auditorium
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Voice_(American_TV_series)
in Area 51
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Area_51
in a Shield Helicarrier
https://marvelcinematicuniverse.fandom.com/wiki/Helicarrier
in an IKEA food court
https://www.ikea.com/us/en/
in a mall food court
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Food_court
in the ISS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Space_Station
in Buckingham Palace
https://www.royal.uk/search?tags%5B0%5D=Buckingham%20Palace
in the Taj Mahal
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Taj_Mahal
on the Eiffel Tower
https://www.toureiffel.paris/en
above the Sarlacc Pit on Jabba's sail barges
https://www.starwars.com/databank/the-khetanna-jabba-s-sail-barge
in Defy Gravity's trampoline pit
http://www.defygravity.us/
in the Dueling Area of Wakanda
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wakanda
in the Dangerous Forest in The Princess Bride
https://princessbride.fandom.com/wiki/Fire_Swamp
in an Interrogation Room
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interrogation
in a Home Depot
https://www.homedepot.com/
in a McDonalds
https://www.mcdonalds.com/us/en-us.html
in a Hockey Rink
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ice_hockey_rink
inside an escape pod (escape pod from Star Wars Episode IV)
https://starwars.fandom.com/wiki/Escape_pod
in a giant 53,820 mile^2 field
https://ak9.picdn.net/shutterstock/videos/24807209/thumb/1.jpg