an iPhone X
https://www.bestbuy.com/site/iphone/iphone-x/pcmcat1505326434742.c?id=pcmcat1505326434742
a screwdriver
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Screwdriver
an extension cable
https://www.amazon.com/Extension-Cords/b?ie=UTF8&node=495312
a pike (fish)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Northern_pike
a Delorean's Car Door
https://www.delorean.com/
Napoleon Bonaparte's Petrified Body
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Napoleon
Pope Francis's Left Arm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pope_Francis
A large non-personal Laser Cutter
*No image*
a yardstick
https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/yardstick
a large ball point pen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ballpoint_pen
a halibut
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Halibut
a Yellow-Finned Tuna
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yellowfin_tuna
a Great White Shark
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_white_shark
a Swordfish
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Swordfish
a Nerf Gun
https://nerf.hasbro.com/en-us
a handheld telescope
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Telescope
a dead raven
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Raven
the book "Give Me Liberty" by Eric Forner
https://digital.wwnorton.com/givemeliberty5br
a very large rock
https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rock_(geology)
nothing
https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Air
their bare hands (duplicated)
https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hand
their bear hands (severed)
https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bear
a baby
https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baby
a Kermit the Frog Puppet
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kermit_the_Frog
a trumpet
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trumpet
a shrunken Costco
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Costco
a pair of brass knuckles
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brass_knuckles
petriefied Knuckles the Echidna
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Knuckles_the_Echidna
a hoagie
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Submarine_sandwich#Hoagie
Mr. RM's Glasses
https://www.classroom20.com/profile/MatthewRipleyMoffitt34
a pair of boxing gloves
https://www.everlast.com/fight/boxing/gloves
a stick of Old Spice
https://oldspice.com/antiperspirant-deodorant/
the Doomfist (not attached)
https://playoverwatch.com/en-us/heroes/doomfist/
a vial of dimethyl mercury
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dimethylmercury
an original mint condition Spider-Man comic
https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comic_book
a pool noodle
https://www.walmart.com/browse/toys/pool-noodles/4171_14521_8437187_9232073
a box of Scooby Snacks
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scooby_Snacks
a voodoo doll of the enemy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Voodoo_doll
a big mac
https://www.mcdonalds.com/ca/en-ca/product/big-mac.html
the toy knife from Undertale
https://undertale.fandom.com/wiki/Toy_Knife
a bear rug
https://www.bearskin-rugs.com/
a dvd case with the phantom menace inside
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Star_Wars:_Episode_I_%E2%80%93_The_Phantom_Menace
Freddie Mercury's dead and fabulous body
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freddie_Mercury
Cthulhu's left thumb (severed)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cthulhu
a dead bat
https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bat
a hardcover copy of War and Peace
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/War_and_Peace
a battery-powered waffle iron
https://www.amazon.com/waffle-irons/b?ie=UTF8&node=289942
a never ending box of dried spaghetti
https://www.foodrepublic.com/2011/04/30/how-to-cook-perfect-dried-pasta/
an invisiblity cloak
https://harrypotter.fandom.com/wiki/Cloak_of_Invisibility
a door
https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Door
a metal door
https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Door
a key
https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Key
a box of Cheerios
https://www.cheerios.com/