an iPhone X
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IPhone_X
a lightsaber
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lightsaber
a glock
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glock
a screwdriver
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Screwdriver
a longsword
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Longsword
a Claymore
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Claymore
a greataxe
https://www.dndbeyond.com/equipment/greataxe
a hatchet
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hatchet
a machete
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Machete
a sniper rifle
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sniper_rifle
an AK-47
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AK-47
a shotgun
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shotgun
an extension cable
https://www.amazon.com/Extension-Cords/b?ie=UTF8&node=495312
a walking cane
https://www.amazon.com/Best-Sellers-Health-Personal-Care-Walking-Canes/zgbs/hpc/3776641
a bar stool
https://www.wayfair.com/furniture/pdp/17-stories-sylvania-adjustable-height-swivel-bar-stool-stss3450.html
a glaive
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glaive
a morningstar
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Morning_star_(weapon)
a halberd
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Halberd
a pike (weapon)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pike_(weapon)
a pike (fish)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Northern_pike
a Tesla Coil
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tesla_coil
a Phaser (Star Trek)
https://memory-alpha.fandom.com/wiki/Phaser
a Gauss Rifle
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coilgun
a Delorean's Car Door
https://www.delorean.com/
a bayonet
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bayonet
Napoleon Bonaparte's Petrified Body
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Napoleon
Pope Francis's Left Arm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pope_Francis
a dagger
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dagger
The Makerspace's Laser Cutter

Iron Man's right glove
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iron_Man
Captain America's Shield
https://marvelcinematicuniverse.fandom.com/wiki/Captain_America%27s_Shield
Spider-Man's Right Webshooter
https://marvel.fandom.com/wiki/Web-Shooters
a Lead Pipe
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plumbing#Water_pipes
a Batarang
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Batarang
a revolver
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/M1911_pistol
a candlestick
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Candlestick
a wooden club
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Club_(weapon)
an oversized Whac-A-Mole mallet
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mallet
a warhammer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/War_hammer
a longbow
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Longbow
a crossbow
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crossbow
a mace
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mace_(bludgeon)
a can of Mace spray
https://www.mace.com/collections/pepper-spray
an immovable rod
https://roll20.net/compendium/dnd5e/Immovable%20Rod#content
a yardstick
https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/yardstick
a monkey wrench
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monkey_wrench
a Cary Academy Student Tablet Computer
https://www.lenovo.com/us/en/think
a large ball point pen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ballpoint_pen
a halibut
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Halibut
a Yellow-Finned Tuna
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yellowfin_tuna
a Great White Shark
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_white_shark
a Swordfish
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Swordfish
a Nerf Gun
https://nerf.hasbro.com/en-us
a Nerf Gun but all projectiles from the nerf gun are set on fire upon leaving the barrel of the nerf gun
https://nerf.hasbro.com/en-us
a handheld telescope
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Telescope
a dead raven
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Raven
the Master Sword
https://zelda.gamepedia.com/Master_Sword
a holy hand grenade
https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Holy%20Hand%20Grenade
Glamdring
https://lotr.fandom.com/wiki/Glamdring
the book "Give Me Liberty" by Eric Forner
https://digital.wwnorton.com/givemeliberty5br
Narsil
https://lotr.fandom.com/wiki/Narsil
a Portal Gun
https://theportalwiki.com/wiki/Handheld_Portal_Device
Darth Maul's Dual Saber
https://starwars.fandom.com/wiki/Darth_Maul%27s_lightsaber
Sunraiser
https://coppermind.net/wiki/Sunraiser
a Needler
https://halo.fandom.com/wiki/Type-33_Guided_Munitions_Launcher
a M6 Spartan Laser
https://www.halopedia.org/M6_Spartan_Laser
R.Y.N.O.
https://ratchetandclank.fandom.com/wiki/R.Y.N.O.
Steve's Diamond Sword
https://minecraft.gamepedia.com/Sword
a chainsaw
https://www.homedepot.com/b/Outdoors-Outdoor-Power-Equipment-Chainsaws/N-5yc1vZbxam
a very large rock
https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rock_(geology)
Freddy Kuegar's Glove
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freddy_Krueger#Bladed_glove
a Ball and Chain
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ball_and_chain
Scorpion's Get Over Here Weapon
https://mortalkombat.fandom.com/wiki/Kunai
a pair of nunchucks
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nunchaku
5x shurikens
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shuriken
Red Viper’s Spear (GoT)
https://gameofthrones.fandom.com/wiki/Oberyn_Martell
the Elder Wand
https://harrypotter.fandom.com/wiki/Elder_Wand
nothing
https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Air
their bare hands (duplicated)
https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hand
their bear hands (severed)
https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bear
their bear hands (replacing original hands)
https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bear
a baby
https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baby
a Kermit the Frog Puppet
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kermit_the_Frog
a broken wine bottle
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wine_bottle
a trumpet
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trumpet
Excalibur
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Excalibur
Joyeuse (magical)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joyeuse#In_legend
Joyeuse (not magical)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joyeuse
a taser
https://www.axon.com/taser
a falchion
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Falchion
a shrunken Costco
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Costco
a pair of brass knuckles
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brass_knuckles
petriefied Knuckles the Echidna
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Knuckles_the_Echidna
a hoagie
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Submarine_sandwich#Hoagie
Mr. RM's Glasses
https://www.classroom20.com/profile/MatthewRipleyMoffitt34
a pair of boxing gloves
https://www.everlast.com/fight/boxing/gloves
a stick of Old Spice
https://oldspice.com/antiperspirant-deodorant/
a flamethrower
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flamethrower
the Doomfist (attached)
https://playoverwatch.com/en-us/heroes/doomfist/
the Doomfist (not attached)
https://playoverwatch.com/en-us/heroes/doomfist/
a Fortnite Pickaxe
https://fortnite.fandom.com/wiki/Pickaxe
a vial of dimethyl mercury
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dimethylmercury
an original mint condition Spider-Man comic
https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comic_book
Aquaman's Trident
https://aquaman.fandom.com/wiki/Trident_of_Neptune
a thermal detonator
https://www.starwars.com/databank/thermal-detonator
a Halo Energy Sword
https://halo.fandom.com/wiki/Type-1_Energy_Weapon/Sword
a katana
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Katana
Frostmourne
https://wow.gamepedia.com/Frostmourne
Widowmaker's Sniper Rifle
https://playoverwatch.com/en-us/heroes/widowmaker/
a pool noodle
https://www.walmart.com/browse/toys/pool-noodles/4171_14521_8437187_9232073
Ronan's Hammer (no power stone)
https://marvelcinematicuniverse.fandom.com/wiki/Cosmi-Rod
Stormbreaker
https://marvelcinematicuniverse.fandom.com/wiki/Stormbreaker
an E-11 Blaster Rifle
https://starwars.fandom.com/wiki/E-11_blaster_rifle
a box of Scooby Snacks
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scooby_Snacks
a disco Ball and Chain
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Disco_ball
Deadshot's Wrist guns
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deadshot
a DT-29 heavy blaster pistol
https://starwars.fandom.com/wiki/DT-29_heavy_blaster_pistol
a TL-50 heavy repeater
https://starwars.fandom.com/wiki/TL-50_Heavy_Repeater
a pair of WESTAR-34 blasters
https://starwars.fandom.com/wiki/WESTAR-34_blaster_pistol
Mac’s shotgun with axe from Agents of SHIELD
https://marvelcinematicuniverse.fandom.com/wiki/Shotgun-Axe
Ghost Rider's chain
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ghost_Rider
a crusader's shield
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crusades
a giant pizza cutter
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pizza_cutter
a voodoo doll of the enemy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Voodoo_doll
Mei's freeze gun
https://overwatch.gamepedia.com/Mei
a big mac
https://www.mcdonalds.com/ca/en-ca/product/big-mac.html
the toy knife from Undertale
https://undertale.fandom.com/wiki/Toy_Knife
Thanos's sword
https://marvelcinematicuniverse.fandom.com/wiki/Double-Edged_Sword
Doctor Octopus's arms (attached)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doctor_Octopus#Harnesses
Doctor Octopus's arms (not attached)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doctor_Octopus#Harnesses
Green Goblin's grenades (10x)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Green_Goblin#Pumpkin_Bombs,_Ghost_Bombs,_and_the_%22Bag_of_Tricks%22
a bear rug
https://www.bearskin-rugs.com/
a dvd case with the phantom menace inside
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Star_Wars:_Episode_I_%E2%80%93_The_Phantom_Menace
Brandon Uri's guitar
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brendon_Urie
Freddie Mercury's dead and fabulous body
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freddie_Mercury
Cthulhu's left thumb (severed)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cthulhu
Cthulhu's left thumb (currently attached to the wielder in place of the wielder's left thumb)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cthulhu
a metal baseball bat
https://www.justbats.com/products/bat%20type~baseball/
a wooden baseball bat with nails sticking out of it
https://www.justbats.com/products/bat%20type~baseball/
a slingshot
https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slingshot
Mjolnir
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mj%C3%B6lnir
Cap’s wakanda shields from Infinity War
https://marvelcinematicuniverse.fandom.com/wiki/Wakandan_Shields
a guandao
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guandao
a dead bat
https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bat
a hardcover copy of War and Peace
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/War_and_Peace
a battery-powered waffle iron
https://www.amazon.com/waffle-irons/b?ie=UTF8&node=289942
a never ending box of dried spaghetti
https://www.foodrepublic.com/2011/04/30/how-to-cook-perfect-dried-pasta/
an invisiblity cloak
https://harrypotter.fandom.com/wiki/Cloak_of_Invisibility
a door
https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Door
a metal door
https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Door
a key
https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Key
San's Gaster Blaster
https://undertale-au-fanon.fandom.com/wiki/Gaster_Blaster
a box of Cheerios
https://www.cheerios.com/